[APM][.NET] 2.10.0 update (#14249)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/custom_instrumentation/dotnet.md

}
```

> Note that, using this API will allow you to connect spans to the producer span. Thus, all spans using this context will be a sibling of the consumer span. When you use this API to trace Kafka consumer spans, set `DD_TRACE_KAFKA_CREATE_CONSUMER_SCOPE_ENABLED`to false for better readability. Indeed, you will still get a consumer span, but it will only be a placeholder for Kafka related tags like partition, offset...

Reviewer: I would probably reword this a bit:

```suggestion
When using the `SpanContextExtractor` API to trace Kafka consumer spans, set `DD_TRACE_KAFKA_CREATE_CONSUMER_SCOPE_ENABLED` to `false`. This ensures the consumer span is correctly closed immediately after the message is consumed from the topic, and the metadata (such as `partition` and `offset`) is recorded correctly. Spans created from Kafka messages using the `SpanContextExtractor` API will be children of the producer span, and siblings of the consumer span.
```
